whenever we travel we pretty much do
everything as a team so this time we
thought would raise the stakes a little
we've decided that for every new city we
visit one of us will be challenged to
spend 24 hours alone without any money
or ability to communicate with the rest
of the team we'll only be able to rely
on the kindness and spontaneity of
strangers for both food and housing and
if we're lucky an awesome local
experience this week the University of
Helsinki flew aside to Finland to
explore their beautiful city and campus
and connect with the people there so I
guess it's time to see you how Finnish
people will react to such an unusual
experiment for 24 hours I'm gonna be a
different person by the time I come back
I wanted to volunteer as tribute this
first time I want to get it out of the
way brutal it's cold it's rainy / snowy
I don't know anybody and I have to sleep
in somebody's house and it gets dark at
like 3 p.m.
completely on my own yeah Marv and I are
just gonna go have an awesome day in
Helsinki all right bye
do you know where the closest one is I'm
off on my own
and this feels weird are used to having
the guys with me and doing all the
language anybody ask somebody the snow
has been getting more intense and more
windy but I'm on a challenge with my
friends yeah they took my wallet I'm
actually Burger King
okay bear okay thank you so much I'll go
down there yeah thank you girl that was
but she suggests going to the Burger
King so I'm gonna go hop into the Burger
King
she wonder how the boys are doing they
probably have any amazing time
I'm here struggle over sweet you I'm
doing a challenge my friends are asking
strangers help me survive for 24 hours
in the sink so if you see you Steve
thank you so much see mister what's your
name kind of bad a lot of us go starving
for the entire day it's just showing off
how kind the people in the city are back
outside now I guess I have to start
asking people if I couldn't but their
place is now otherwise as time ticks
down I might not have a place to sleep
so I'm gonna go to the slush event big
business conference thing which
apparently has like thousands and
thousands of really cool people there
and I'm gonna stand outside of it and
trying to find my roommate for tonight
[Music]
praying that there's the spontaneous
person this conference who is down
what is it thing you're doing let's go
to eunuch yeah I'm promoting this app I
can show you the app what's your I'm
Johannes this is kind of sounding kind
of crazy I have to spend 24 hours in
Helsinki all relying on the kindness of
strangers
let's see if I have like a combination
or a possibility for you hello nice to
meet you this is not gonna crazy yeah
but I'm on a 24 hour challenge with my
friends no money no wallet nothing so I
just realized the camera literally ran
out of battery as I was asking that guy
if I could crash at his place he said at
6 p.m. tonight they're going to a party
and that I should come and then
afterwards he said that he could
accommodate me he lives in Helsinki
hopefully he's down
hopefully he answers the phone his other
was next I have no idea sitting in this
coffee shop for about an hour now
communicating back and forth with Mario
and the girl that agreed to meet up on
tinder unfortunately she was at work and
she's only getting out now the problem
is now I have to go meet up with the
guys just have some hopefully staying
out tonight I definitely do not want to
risk that because that's like my only
way that I'll have a place to sleep
hopefully these guys tonight provide
some food
so tired the best concrete in town if
there's one thing this whole experience
has taught me is that there's just so
many things in my daily life that I just
take for total granite having money
having friends having food having a warm
shower having a place to pee on this
cold winter night in Helsinki feeling
very very grateful you made it here yes
I'm with the guys with Mike fun flais
and Samba yeah we're gonna go get some
drinks get ready for like apparently the
biggest party of the weekend right now
though all right so we run for this
house bit of a mess they bought me food
kindly enough and yeah then we're gonna
go out he's already buying tickets to
Los Angeles sinsemilla this dude is
awesome it's 5:00 in the morning in the
morning
[Music]
in the morning I got my boyfriend Eddie
he hooked it up is so brutal not having
anything there long
[Music]